Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
For today...
I want to play a gesture quiz with all of you!
But...
But...!
But doing just a normal Gesture Quiz...
It wouldn't be my style..
and it wouldn't be very interesting, would it?
So...
this episode we're going to...
Try doing difficult topics in gestures..
that you'll probably never guess!
Everyone please guess what the prompts are!
Well, even if I say they're difficult...
If it's you guys, you're smart enough to get them, right?
With that, let's get started!
Jaka, jaka, jaka, jan!
Ah, ha, hah..
*inhales*
I see...
Oh yeah, that's right..
This..
I say it's difficult, but...
If you guys synchronize on the same wavelength as me...
You should definitely be able to guess them, right?
So... let's start the Gesture quiz!
*Ding*
(Flashing on screen: Gestures in progress)
This is difficult on my side too
Maybe sort of like this?
And something like this..
Ah, I shouldn't talk..
Hmm..
Ah, I have a better idea..
*Flap, flap*
Fweu!
*flapping sounds*
Ooh..
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh..
And also, then...
Then..
*Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding*
Were you able to guess?
So then, Thinking time: Start~
Ges, ges, ges.... ges-ges-ges....
(Flashing on screen: Thinking Time)
And the answer is....
Ja, jan!
Bird cartilage!
(AKA 'tori no nankotsu', it's usually eaten in yakitori)
Can you really gesture something like that?
Good! So onto the next guess!
Next is..
Jaka, jaka, jaka, jan!
Hmm..?
Great...
Aa-ah! *stammers*
Shh..
I see..
Well, well, well..
If you synchronize your thoughts with me, you know what follows..
Let's go!
So, Gesture Quiz: Start~
*Ding*
(Flashing on screen: Gestures in progress)
*Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding*
So then, Thinking Time: Start~
♪ Gesture shock ♪
*Does a play on words with the word "Gesture" and lyrics from 'Ai wo Torimodose', opening of Hokuto no Ken*
♪ That because of your love even the sky collapses~ ♪
♪ Gesture shock! ♪
*laughs*
*inhales*
How did the song go after this?
Yes!
It's over!
Gan, gan, gaan!
So now, I'll announce the answer
The answer isss...
at the Great Wall of China...
Kizuna Ai was filming a video when suddenly...
the police came and warned her!
Even though I forgot to mime the Great Wall of China...
Wellll...
I'm sure that if you guys synchronized your thoughts with mine, you were able to guess
Yes!
Let's move on!
The next prompt is...
Jaka, jaka, jakaa, jan!
Huh..
Right, I see...
Ah!
I think this is the easiest out of all of them, right?
Well, all of you who are synchronizing your thoughts with me..
You managed to guess the first two, right?
Here I go, all of you try to guess!
In this case, let's start with the Gesture Quiz!
*Ding*
*Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding*
Ok, I did this one pretty well!
Of course you guys got it, didn't you?
So let's start thinking time!
♪ We synchronized~ ♪
Something like that ice cream advertisement, right?
♪ We chinchronized~ ♪
♪ We chi-
It's not chincronized!
It's we synchro-, we synchronized!
♪ We synchronized~ ♪
* laughs* ♪ We synchronized~ ♪
*inhales*
Gan, gan, gan!
Time's up! Beep beep!
Let's go, the right answer is...
An old man doing an impression of Marilyn Monroe under the Statue of Liberty!
Well, of course you guys all got it, right?
Because in the end you're on my wavelength, right?
So, how was that everyone?
Anyone who didn't guess a single one?
Nobody, right?
If you didn't get a single one...
Try just a little bit harder to get on my wavelength!
So, until next time!
This was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
See you again!
There's more at the end!
Translated by Server Loli, Myi and Vortex
Alright! Now I'll do the imitation of the Great Wall of China that I forgot to do!